This is the developer's log for the new game made by Moronere and Xan1x. Dates are in the format YYYY/MM/DD.

Developer's log, 2023/08/17:
 We made a new Trello board (https://trello.com/b/ETi3npQv/project-e-production-board) and added the important links to it. Moronere updated the engine to UE5, and only cried a moderate amount. Xan1x set up a bunch of documentation in preperation for the run we have scheduled for the beginning of next week. Xan1x is initially planning these to be on a weekly basis.  It will be the first of (hopefully) many, so we're making sure we have the administrative foundation now so that we don't have to get bogged down setting things up later. There's still busywork to be done, but the framework is in place.

Developer's log, 2023/08/21:
 Today we reviewed the combat system. In a design meeting, we fleshed out the proposed combat system a bit more. Anton made a head for our first character model. Tomorrow he plans to make a body. He struggled with the nose, but feels especially proud of the ears. I fixed an age-old bug with the camera, and had a small panic when I realized we lost some work with the update to UE5. The sword attack animation is gone, and the inventory prototype is missing, possibly some data structures as well. Tomorrow I will need to recreate these, as I want to create a silhouette material for the dummy (to use in animating and some skills) and before I do that, attacks and things to animate have to be done.
 
Developer's log, 2023-08-22:
 Today, Xan1x got the feet, legs, and posterior of a base character model done. He has started on the hands, and all considered, it's coming along well! :) Moronere began remaking the combat system after a good hour of grappling with the dreaded realization that many of the changes made in years past have become corrupted, and are forever gone. As the horrifying sensation passed, he came to terms with the grim reality, and set out to create a better system than the one we had before.
 
Developer's log, 2023-08-23:
 Today, Xan1x looked at more boobs than he ever had before in his life. He stared and stared, and consulted with an expert pervert (no names will be named) to get the chest of the female model just right. He completed the body, and it is more or less complete aside from the wendigo claws that we are calling feet. Moronere continued work on the inventory system, doing research and implementing different prototypes. Along the way, he discovered yet more things that were deprecated by UE5. Every single action mapping and axis must be converted to be compatible with the new system, and some deprecated functions have to be gutted and replaced entirely. This combined with the corrupted assets, and we are up to 2 hours solid of him crying in a corner. From Ue5, specifically. 
 
Developer's log, 2023-08-24:
 Xan1x is unsatisfied with his progress, as normal. He tightened up some proportions for the base model after expressing displeasure with his reference. He implemented simple materials to see how they worked with the existing details, and added some new simple areas. Moronere continued converting inputs over to the new system, in between meetings and research reports. Not a terribly productive day, but those happen.
 
Developer's log, 2023-08-28:
 Moronere's illness struck in the dead of the night, and he will be ill for several days hence. Xan1x had this to say: "My plan is to get the github working with ue5, export the model into ue5 then see if my 'rigging' worked or not. Today i learned how to create a bone structure, and then apply a rig to it." I'm proud of him.
 
Developer's log, 2023-08-29: 
 Xan1x had this to say about his daily progress: "Today i set up the git hub repo for myself, imported the current version of the character blockout, and finally pushed my changes out to ensure it all works." Moronere, when asked for comment, gurgled weakly and gave a pitiful thumbs-up.
 
Developer's log, 2023-08-30:
 Moronere is in the process of creating an interactable loot component, so that they can be added to the inventory, then equipped, then used in combat. The dependency chain just keeps growing. Xan1x has been doing extensive research on how Unreal handles character rigs, and is in the process of getting Blender-made animations to work in UE5.
 
Developer's log, 2023-09-01:
 Moronere has been binge working on the inventory. He's ready to add icons and art, and he is zealous about it. He has a fervent look in his eyes, like he's prepared to cram a video series on UI art and work for days on end. He's also declared that inventories will be tilemaps, with variable tile behaviors and all. Meanwhile, Xan1x has taken the working day off. At this point, the dev logs are probably off by a day, since I've been writing them in the AM after working all night. Xan1x actually took the 30th off, but this log is being written at approximately 9:00 AM the day after. Moronere seems to be dissociating so hard that he is losing his sense of time and space.
 
Developer's log, 2023-09-04:
 Moronere toiled away tirelessly on the inventory system, pumping out UI art and structural code. He also bugtested and tightened up some inputs, but most of his day was spent on agonizing an angst. Xan1x stared at butts, and boobs, and made progress on a functioning boob-and-butt cover (armor). Moronere also learned that tilemaps will take a bit of custom scripting to work with the inventory system he has planned, so he's committed to getting it working. 
 
Developer's log, 2023-09-25:
 Due to Moronere's day job picking up and Xan1x's new dog demanding his attention, there has been little to no new progress to report. Xan1x has begun work on the default model's hair, and has been workshopping new techniques. The dog is coming into his room. The dog is chewing on his shoes, oh god Xan1x down-
 
Developer's log, 2023-09-29:
 Xan1x has gotten the default model done! He is working on the clothing now, and is learning a lot. New methods, new plugins, you name it.
 
Developer's log, 2023-10-06:
 Xan1x has finished the character model! He is ready to texture, rig, and export. Rejoice!
 
Developer's log, 2023-10-13
 Xan1x has completed the blockout of the boots, and has set up the UVs for it. Needs to adjust the foot to fit into the boot, then it's rigging time!
 
Developer's log, 2023-10-20:
 Xan1x has begun rigging the model and clothing. He finished the boot, put the finishing touches on the foot model after many hours of fixation on them. It is difficult to hear what he's saying around all that drool, but I think the controller for the character is set up. Things are pretty complex due to the techniques he's chosen, and bone relations need to be fixed. 

Developer's log, 2023-10-27:
 Xan1x has imported the character into Unreal! Moronere has gotten back to it, and we had a meeting discussing the UI and how it will look. The main menu was decided to be a hologram that the character will view at the same time as the player, with each getting a portion of the screen. Proportions are yet to be decided, will workshop it. Moronere has been tasked with designing a state of the art 2D animation of rippling water with bouncing buttons and cascade FX for button clicks. He has the complexion of a corpse, and is rocking back and forth in his chair. Xan1x will make 3D menu assets when he has the time, but finishing up the import tests is his primary focus. He described how he had accidentally given the character back-bending deer legs. When demonstrated, it became immediately clear that the character was a wendigo, capable of disclocating her legs and becoming seven feet tall.
 
Developer's log, 2023-11-03:
 Moronere has finally gotten the inventory to show up! Inputs are interacting with the HUD, and the next step is to get the items into it and get all working. Oh my Buddha, the tilemaps aren't showing up. Moronere will probably need to create a new tilemap class and get it working to have it toggle visibility properly. Xan1x has been experimenting with different methods of rigging up the model. He has settled on a promising addon for Blender intended to create rigs ready for Unreal Engine. His last step will be weight painting the model before attempting import. He CREATED MY AXE IN THE ENGINE AS A GIFT OMG!!! He also put together a paperdoll silhouette, and even created a test level to try out different lighting techniques and such.
 
Developer's log, 2023-11-10:
 Xan1x has spent the week troubleshooting import issues and optimizing the models we have. Moronere worked with him to troubleshoot the retargeting and IK rigs, turns out that things need to be retargeted with a specific command. There were also scaling issues, which were fixed in Blender by changing the unit size to 0.01 meters. For now, the retargeting uses animations from Epic's third person BP on our first character model. Xan1x is working on an animation rig so that custom animations can be made in Unreal. Moronere spent his week working his dayjob and fixing input issues, as well as the aforementioned troubleshooting assistance. He also spent a decent amount of time picking out rope at Home Depot, for "personal use" as he put it. Next up: level design! And UI design!
 
Developer's log, 2023-11-17:
 Xan1x finished up rigging the character for animation in UE5. He made some blueprints that allow skeletal meshes to be paired to the character. He's been struggling with clipping issues, and has decided to pivot back to making assets. He's thinking about making buildings, foliage, and the like. When talking about environment generation, a long discussion and settled on non-euclidean geometric planar activity as a groundwork for functional synergy between scape-bound environments. Moronere was indisposed much of the week, with his day job blossoming from a beautiful flame held in his heart, to a crackling tire fire spilling out onto the freeway of his soul.
 
Developer's log, 2023-11-25:
 Gobble gobble gobble